- (dogs barking)
- (man whistling, shouting)
(camera clicks)
(shouting in Haitian Creole)
(men shouting in Haitian Creole)
(camera clicks)
(lively chatter)
(lively chatter continues)
(speaks Haitian Creole)
CRAFTSPERSON: Oh, madame...
(continues in Haitian Creole)
- SORENNE: No, no.
- It's beautiful! Mwah!
- It's beautiful.
- You are beautiful.
- God bless you.
- (man speaking Haitian Creole)
Ah, no...
(continues in Haitian Creole)
Excuse me.
Excuse me, miss.
I show you something special.
And blessing for your baby.
(laughs)
(spiritual reader singing
in Haitian Creole)
(chatter in Haitian Creole)
(singing in Haitian Creole)
(laughs)
(chanting, singing)
(spiritual reader shouts,
continues singing)
BOY:
I like your necklace.
SORENNE:
You like my bracelet?
My grandma gave it to me.
(boys speaking Haitian Creole)
- I like it.
- Yay.
Hey, nice lady.
- SORENNE: Mm-hmm.
- (camera clicks)
Your English is very good.
- The pretty lady.
- Hello.
The pretty lady.
(boy shouts in Haitian Creole)
- Ooh!
- (speaks Haitian Creole)
Hello.
(speaking Haitian Creole)
How are you?
- Bien.
- Bien?
- Ah.
- VICTOR: Take your picture?
- (camera clicks)
- (Victor chuckles)
- Bye-bye.
She's cute.
You all right?
What's going on?
I met this woman today
at the market
who gave me the most beautiful
blessing of protection
for Angela.
VICTOR:
Hmm.
So you actually believe
in all that?
SORENNE:
Yes.
(bell tolling)
- Oh, my God.
- It's beautiful.
Jesus, cover this place
with your love.
God.
(grunts) Whew.
(Victor sighs)
You think they'll let me
go up in the bell tower
and take a shot of the whole city?
Mm.
What you think?
- Go for it.
- Let's go.
No, baby, my feet hurt.
(Victor sighs)
We should go back.
No, you go ahead,
go get the shot.
- You sure?
- Mm-hmm.
All right. I love you.
I love you.
(horn honks)
(lively chatter)
(sighs)
- (rattling nearby)
- (gasps softly)
(heavy rumbling, thudding)
(clamoring)
(whimpering)
(gasping, whimpering)
(grunting)
(grunts, screams)
(audio muffled)
(audio going in and out)
(muffled):
Sorenne!
(weakly):
Protect her.
(distant bell tolling)
(muffled praying
in Haitian Creole)
(continues praying
(doctor speaking Haitian Creole)
You don't... I-I...
I speak English.
He's saying that your wife has
serious injuries.
Anything we do to keep her
alive will endanger your child.
Your baby.
- I don't understand.
- (speaking Haitian Creole)
It's a difficult choice.
We cannot save them both.
DOCTOR:
We are so sorry.
♪ ♪
(grunting)
(sighs)
VICTOR:
Angela?
Got to get a move on.
Ange.
20 minutes.
All right.
Hurry up
and finish your breakfast.
- Slept in past my alarm.
- You can have it.
You eat it.
I'm not eating meat anymore.
Talking about?
Oh, it's that documentary
you watched, right?
Gave you bad dreams
like I told you it would?
Poor little piggies.
I mean, think about it.
You're just enjoying your day
chilling in a mud bath,
and then...
(makes buzzing sound)
And then...
(makes slashing sound)
All 'cause some farmer
got sick of eating oatmeal.
So, ice cream for breakfast.
Fine with me.
You got that math thing today, right?
Math Champ Challenge.
It's tomorrow.
Don't bite your nails.
Um, I was wondering
if I could do homework
at Katherine's today?
Like, go home with her?
Her dad can bring me home.
Well, I was thinking that
we could just do
what we always do.
You know, I come get you after
school, you come to the studio,
do your homework, we spend time together...
Yeah, I know.
- That's-that's what I'm asking.
- Which we never do.
That's what I'm saying.
I mean, I do have friends,
you know.
Yeah, I know you have friends.
You know, b-but what I'm saying
is, like...
- Poor little piggies!
- I'm your friend.
Angela,
we don't have time for this.
(dishes clatter)
Very sweet.
Very funny.
- Somebody sees one documentary.
- (door slams)
(Victor laughing)
You know, it's very mature.
Angela.
Damn it.
Ange.
(door creaks open)
Okay.
We're doing this.
Angela Renée Fielding.
This is not a game.
It's time to go now.
Right now.
- (Victor shouts)
- (Angela screams, laughs)
Aha! Yeah, yeah!
Stop. Fine, fine.
- The master!
- Yeah, eat this.
Enjoy the taste of your poor,
defenseless little animal.
- Please. Please.
- I will. I will enjoy the taste
of this poor, defenseless animal.
(Angela laughs)
STUART:
Hey, Angela!
Tell your dad
I'll meet him at the gym.
ANGELA:
You got it, Mr. Mullen.
You can tell him yourself.
Hey, what's up?
- Hey.
- What?
- Where'd you get this?
- Oh, I, um,
got it at the store
with my allowance.
Don't lie to me now.
I found it with Mom's stuff.
- Just thought it was nice.
- Your mom's stuff?
Or through your dad's stuff?
'Cause I think I remember
- where I put it.
- ANN: Hey, Mr. Fielding.
Mr. Fielding,
you're going to leave
your trash cans
out here all week?
You just take the cans,
and you drag 'em
down your driveway.
- Nice to see you, too.
- Try being a neighbor.
Forgot to bring 'em in, huh?
It was your turn.
I do first and third Tues...
(chuckling):
I'm-I'm sorry, okay?
- I'm sorry.
- Ah, leave 'em.
- She could use the excitement.
- (engine starts)
(both blow raspberries)
- (tires screech)
- (horn honks)
KATHERINE:
Shut up, okay?
TONY:
Do not park... Oh, my gosh.
- (horn honking)
- VICTOR: One sec.
TONY: Can't park there. That's a bus lane.
- One second.
Come on! -HANNAH: Katherine's
wearing flip-flops to school?
Give that back!
- Hey, that's mine!
- MIRANDA: Flip-flops?
Katherine, what happened
to your new shoes?
Tyler colored on them
with Magic Marker.
TONY:
Not today, guys. Not today.
You said they gave you blisters.
Shut up!
Don't tell your sister to shut up.
Okay, I got to go.
Bye, Mom. Bye, Dad. -She's got
something on her lips. Hey.
HANNAH: You're stepping on my
backpack! Hands off! Get off!
- TONY: I want it off.
- You're embarrassing me.
You call us when you get
to Deshannah's. -I will.
- Promise me. Promise me.
- I will!
- Promise.
- (horn honking)
I shouldn't have snapped at you.
Can't park there!
- One sec. One second.
- That...
- It's a fire lane.
- One sec. Hey.
It's just, you know,
Mom's stuff is...
It's precious.
You be home by dinner,
all right?
- Thank you! (laughs)
- (horn honking)
- I love you.
- Bye.
- Hey, you.
Dinner.
- Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Love you.
- Good morning, Mr. Fielding.
Morning, Katherine.
"For the rare and radiant maiden
whom the angels name Lenore..."
(Angela and Deshannah
whispering indistinctly)
"Nameless here for evermore..."
DESHANNAH:
A séance?
Just tell them that we're
doing homework, all right?
My dad agreed,
so don't worry about it.
I don't think he's gonna call Miranda.
STUDENT: Shh!
(whispering continues
indistinctly)
Quiet!
What if he calls?
(over TV): "to still
the beating of my heart,
"I stood repeating
"Tis some visitor
"'entreating entrance
at my chamber door...
- (indistinct whispering)
- "'Some late visitor
"'entreating entrance
at my chamber door;...
- This it is and nothing more.'"
- Shh!
What if they call?
They're not gonna.
What if they do?
Tell them we were just
doing homework,
and then we, like,
just left for home.
Okay? Say, "For home."
What did I say?!
STUART:
One, two! One, one, two!
One, one, two!
One, two!
You got to suck the air
out of your teeth.
It's a thing, right?
One, two! One, one, two!
What you got going on
this weekend?
Angie's got a soccer thing
all day Saturday. You?
My church is having
a pancake lunch on Sunday.
You can both come.
Some of us get
a little freaked out
when people start
speaking in tongues.
(school bell rings)
Okay. Exactly.
And so, my dad's not gonna call
'cause he's going to the, um...
(engine idling)
KATHERINE:
What are we doing? (laughs)
ANGELA: "What are we doing?"
This is your idea.
KATHERINE:
You know something's out there.
(conversation continues
indistinctly)
ANGELA:
You think I'm crazy, don't you?
KATHERINE: We light the candle
and hold the pendulum
and ask the spirit
yes-or-no questions
about angels and demons
and devils
and pastors and saints.
ANGELA: And lions and tigers
and bears and...
- KATHERINE: Shut up.
- (laughing)
Watch this.
Uh... (laughing): Okay,
what are you, insane?
- Whoo!
- Excuse you.
(laughter)
You can light your own candles.
Get your sticks
and rub them together
like you did at camp.
(birds chirping)
- Boo! (laughs)
- (screams)
DAD:
It's been a while. Yeah.
- All right, here we go.
- MOM: Nice and tall. Whoo!
- DAD: Come on, buddy.
- VICTOR: That's not bad.
- DAD: Let's smile.
- VICTOR: Okay.
That's not bad at all.
Ah, there we go.
MOM:
I like this, but I also think
have the kids in the middle...
Do you want...
Do you want her and then him?
Let's get you guys
closer together.
Can we get...
get a little closer?
- MOM: Come on, honey.
- DAD: Come on.
VICTOR:
Get you right in the front.
- Hang you upside down?
- Yeah.
(laughing)
VICTOR:
Where's Dad? Everybody!
- Come right here.
- Come back.
- DAD: Smile.
- I am!
- (crying)
- (camera clicks)
DAD: I'm gonna teach you
how to be a man.
I-I'm getting good stuff.
- (laughing)
- (snarling)
I'm gonna count to three.
One, two...
(yelling)
(birds cawing)
(girls laughing)
KATHERINE:
You light a candle
and just clear your mind.
Just start speaking
what she says to you.
Okay.
(raspy):
Angela.
- Angela.
- (raspy): Katherine.
- (laughing)
- That's so creepy.
(chuckles softly)
(electrical buzzing)
(crickets chirping)
Come on.
(sighs)
(door closes)
Ange?
You asleep?
ANGELA (recorded):
Hey, it's Angela.
I don't check this, so text me.
Bye.
(drawer closes)
MIRANDA:
Hello?
VICTOR:
Hi. Hey. This is, um...
This is Victor Fielding,
Angela's dad.
She said she was coming over
to Katherine's house
to do homework this afternoon.
- I was just... was looking...
- MIRANDA (over phone): No.
- Are they still...
- Uh, Katherine told me
she was going over to study
at Deshannah's house.
I'm sorry, who is that?
Deshannah Young?
A friend of Katherine's.
She told me they were gonna go
over there and study.
- They're there?
- Maybe Angela's with them?
The girls are at
Deshannah's house?
Yeah, you know, maybe
they're studying together.
Let me give her mom a try.
Okay, give me a call back
if you... if you don't mind.
- Yep.
- Thanks.
Hold on just a second.
It's Deshannah.
Do you know where
they were going?
DESHANNAH: I don't know
where they were going.
They just wanted me to say
they were here
in case anyone called.
Well, did you see them together
or did you see where they went?
This is, uh... this is Tony.
I'm Katherine's father.
Did-did you see them
get in a car with anybody?
DESHANNAH:
They were just walking.
Walked away,
walked into the woods.
TONY:
I'm getting my coat.
♪ ♪
- Katherine!
Angela!
Katherine!
Where are the police?
They said they'd be here soon.
- Katherine!
- Angela!
- MIRANDA: Katherine!
(panting)
- TONY: Why did...
- (distant sirens)
All right, they're on
their way. See, that's them.
- They're getting here.
- Okay.
TONY:
Honey, it's Mom and Dad!
Katherine!
MIRANDA:
VICTOR:
Angela?
TONY:
Katherine!
Tony!
- Katherine!
- TONY: Miranda!
MIRANDA:
They've been here.
She's been here.
- (hissing)
- (grunts)
♪ ♪
(muffled, distorted laughter)
(siren wailing)
(tires screeching)
(indistinct police radio
chatter)
DETECTIVE KONIK:
And here are your daughters.
Angela and Katherine.
They depart campus after school.
They proceed at 2:45.
That's about seven hours ago.
And that's the last
information we have.
- We found their shoes...
- No, we found their shoes.
- But no footprints.
- (Miranda sighs)
TONY: What about that
homeless camp out there?
Someone...
Somebody is living out there.
There are people out there.
MIRANDA: There's got to be
somebody that knows.
KONIK: I understand. There is
a transient community...
- TONY: Transient community?
- KONIK: Yes.
Is that what you call
a bunch of fucking bums?
KONIK: So far,
the interviews with them
do not indicate
any connection...
That's shocking. Shocking.
Is there anything else going on
with your daughter...
KONIK: We are looking
into every option.
That we should know?
Pardon me?
VICTOR:
That you haven't told us?
To be honest with you, sir,
I didn't even know
our daughter was friends
with your daughter.
Katherine is a free spirit.
She is a popular kid.
- She is well liked.
- If I did, this would not be
the first time we were meeting,
I promise you that.
She is a-a youth group leader
at our church, ma'am.
VICTOR: No, 'cause...
'cause what I'm saying is,
my daughter and I are...
we're connected, close.
She doesn't do
all the activities
like the free spirit,
so I don't know.
I'm just saying sometimes
there's things we don't know.
TONY: Well, I don't know you,
you know?
VICTOR:
Sometimes there's things,
as parents, we don't know.
- We don't know you!
- What you know about me
is that the only thing
that's ever mattered
is protecting my kid.
That's what you know about me.
Well, then, where are they?
- (Tony shouts)
- Okay.
Okay, it's okay, it's okay.
- MIRANDA: Where could they be?
- Hey. Listen up. Okay.
MIRANDA: That's what
we need to worry about.
I know you're all upset.
(Tony groans)
I know you're all stressed.
The good news is
they left together.
Statistically, it's likely your
girls are just out being girls.
We need to recognize that
we all have a common goal here.
Let's get your girls home safe.
Let's do that. Right now.
KONIK:
All the surrounding counties
- should be looped in.
- MAN: Excuse me, Mr. Officer.
Don't act like
you don't know me.
KONIK: See if they can increase
their patrols in the area...
MAN: My name is Mark Garbage.
Mr. Garbage. (laughs)
Don't steal my stuff.
OFFICER: We're just asking
questions, all right?
Asking if you've seen anything,
trying to figure out
who might have seen something.
You don't know nothing.
We weren't looking or nothing.
- Just out here doing nothing.
- (sniffing)
DESHANNAH:
"The jaws that bite,
"the claws that catch!
"Beware the Jubjub bird,
and shun
"The frumious Bandersnatch!
"He took his vorpal sword
in hand;
"Long time the manxome foe
he sought...
"So rested he by the Tumtum tree
"And stood awhile in thought.
"In uffish thought he stood,
"The Jabberwock,
with eyes of flame,
"Came whiffling through
the tulgey wood,
"And burbled as it came!
"One, two! One, two!
"And through and through
"The vorpal blade
went snicker-snack!
"He left it dead,
and with its head
He went galloping back."
REPORTER: I'm joined now
by the pastor of the church
and the mother of one
of the missing girls.
How are you holding up?
If she's out there
and she can hear this,
please come home.
We're praying for Katherine
and her friend Angela.
And Angela's father,
who's suffering along...
(busy chatter)
(scraping loudly)
VICTOR: I know you said
you didn't see her,
but did you see any other kids
out there in the woods?
(chuckles) There's kids.
VICTOR:
Yeah, that's what I'm...
- Tell me about them.
- (chuckling)
MARK:
Kids come out there.
You know, the ones, uh,
that got no place to be.
- There's other kids, too.
- (man laughs)
Kids that don't want to be
told what to do.
Kids that don't want to go home,
even though they got good ones.
Run off looking for things.
Doing things ought not be done.
No, no, that's not...
that's not my kid.
Maybe a kid like that,
she don't find her mama.
(laughs) Mommy. Mommy.
Mommy! (laughs)
Maybe, uh, find
something else instead.
Mommy. Mommy.
(engine shuts off)
(objects rattling)
- (object clinking)
- (zipper zipping)
Hello?
(match strikes)
Hey, Victor.
Oh, good, you're home.
This is my friend Dr. Beehibe.
(chanting, speaking Yoruba)
STUART: It's okay. It's...
Uh, they're-they're with me.
It's the...
This is a good thing.
- This is...
- VICTOR: Is Angela here?
No, she's not here.
This is Dr. Beehibe.
- Is Angela here?
- No, no, she's not here.
- This is my friend Dr. Beehibe.
- We're doing a blessing.
We are bringing her back.
We want to bring her back protected.
- This is... This is okay.
- We want her to come back.
STUART: She's doing
a blessing on her room.
That-that's all,
just-just to keep Angela safe.
I need you to get everybody out.
STUART:
Uh, ladies, come on.
- VICTOR: Faster, Stu.
- Come on.
Come on.
Hey, pal, I was just
trying to help.
- Get the fuck out.
- Okay.
- (door slams)
- (thunder rumbling)
STUART:
When my sister was sick...
and we did all we could...
for her to find relief,
she had to go outside
of her belief system,
outside of my beliefs.
(sighs softly)
We're your neighbors.
And we just want
to be there for you
and-and do anything that we can.
(sharp inhale)
(thunder rumbling)
She doesn't have her raincoat.
FARMER'S SON:
Dad, Dad, she has the fever!
I just come out
and she went down!
Hurry and get the kit.
I'll call Dr. Bethero.
The tub and the mat.
Bring me the whole thing.
- Okay. Okay.
- Hurry and get the kit.
- Bring a blanket.
- Yeah.
Bring a blanket, too.
Blanket.
(goats bleating)
(frantic rummaging)
(animallike squealing)
Dad?
Where are we?
Dad!
(horn honking)
- (tires squealing)
- (horns honking)
Hey. (panting)
- Where is she? She's this way?
- She's just admitted.
Come here.
TONY: You are not...
You are not in trouble.
MIRANDA:
You're not in trouble.
- TONY: You're not grounded.
- MIRANDA: Mommy and Daddy
- aren't gonna be mad at you.
- But you have to...
Angela.
Okay, okay, sir...
VICTOR (crying):
Hey.
- Are you hurt?
- Are you mad at me?
No, I'm not mad at you. Uh-uh.
I'm so sorry.
I lost track of time.
- Angela.
- Don't worry about that.
Can you tell your dad
how long you've been gone?
How long?
Why do you keep asking me that?
- It's important.
- Why do you keep asking?
It sounds like she wants to...
Angela.
Just tell your father
the same thing you told me.
How long do you think
you were gone?
I don't know, uh...
A few hours?
No.
Baby, you've been gone
three days.
(quiet chatter)
DR. LOWELL:
I'm Dr. Lowell.
It's very nice
to meet you today.
Can you tell us anything
that you remember?
We were just walking.
And then it started raining.
And we went into
that barn and...
That's all I remember.
She don't remember
too much, um...
DR. LOWELL:
Okay. Okay.
But, um, her-her feet.
Her feet look really bad.
DR. JAFFREE: Well, in order for
us to kind of get a better idea
of what has been going on
over the past three days,
we need to examine you.
DR. LOWELL: Sometimes when
children deal with either
significant psychological
or traumatic injuries,
they can maybe have some
retrograde amnesia
where they may not remember
events that might have happened.
DR. TAJ:
How are you feeling, honey?
Are you in pain?
I don't know.
- DR. JAFFREE: Okay. Very good.
- (camera clicking)
DR. LOWELL: Has she ever been
treated with hypnosis? -No.
- Ah.
- Anybody in the family have
any, um, psychiatric illnesses?
No. She's healthy.
She's real strong.
DR. JAFFREE: So I'm gonna
take down the buttons, okay?
DR. CARR: Dad, if you have any
questions at any time, just...
DR. LOWELL: Does she have
access to any medications
- around the house?
- VICTOR: No.
- (camera clicks)
- Okay.
- What's going on here?
- TONY: Hi, honey.
Um, this is Dr. Lowell.
- Hi, ma'am. I'm Dr. Lowell.
- Why didn't you wait on me?
DR. CARR:
Feel free to stand next to her.
DR. JAFFREE: Okay,
we'll start again from the top.
I'm just gonna touch you
right here, okay? Gonna just...
She's not complaining of any
pain, but she's disoriented,
which can happen
with head trauma.
We're just gonna
take a look over here.
DR. JAFFREE: Okay, very good.
Thank you, Joe.
Now we have to do one last
portion of the exam.
It's a little bit uncomfortable.
These here,
these are called stirrups.
And, Dad, if you're okay, this
is the more sensitive part.
Just gonna change my gloves.
Hey, babe, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna see you
in a few minutes, okay?
If at any point
you feel discomfort,
please let me know.
You're gonna feel
a little bit of cold jelly
and lots of pressure,
but no pain, okay?
Just a little bit
of pressure, okay?
I'm just gonna be
taking a few samples.
DR. JAFFREE:
I'm looking to see
if your hymenal ring
is still intact.
Sometimes when people are
touched inappropriately,
those things can be damaged.
- DR. TAJ: We are all done.
- DR. JAFFREE: Here you go.
Yeah, you got it. Good girl.
KONIK: We conducted
rigorous physical exams
and cognitive interviews.
There's no sign of distress,
no evidence of sexual assault.
Toxicology is normal.
Their stories are consistent.
They both say they just went
to hang out in the woods,
they got lost on the way back,
and they were afraid
of getting in trouble,
so they just kept walking.
Three days later, they end up
30 miles down the road
in some farmer's barn with no
concept of time having passed.
They met someone out there.
There has to be something
they're not telling us.
I don't understand,
no concept of time...
KONIK: Our heads go
to complicated places
when we're faced
with undefined anomalies.
KATHERINE:
Mommy.
KONIK: But you guys should
consider yourselves lucky.
Sure, girls keep secrets,
but every test is clean.
Everything is perfectly normal.
Can I go home now?
(hand squeaking on glass)
ANN:
Normally, I hate it
when someone I know
turns up here,
but I got to tell you,
I just about died of happiness
when I saw your name
on the intake board.
- (baby crying loudly)
- Now, don't you worry.
Gonna have you out of here
in no time at all.
I had been praying for you
night and day.
(crying stops)
(hand squeaking on glass)
Can I go home now?
VICTOR:
Okay.
You know that I love you, right?
You know
you can tell me anything.
What were you and Katherine
doing out there in those woods?
I don't know.
I wanted to find the...
(sighs)
I wanted to talk to Mama.
Sometimes I hear her voice.
She talks to me.
Yeah, baby, sometimes
I hear her voice, too.
- It doesn't mean...
- I wanted Katherine to hear.
She reads the Bible.
She goes to church.
I wanted to tell if I was crazy.
- If it was really her.
- You're not crazy.
You light a candle.
(laughter)
Clear your mind.
- (distorted screams)
- Drip, drop...
You stand in the trees holding
something that you love
that gives you connection.
You just start speaking
what the spirit says to you.
What did the spirit say to you?
(distorted laughter)
She wasn't there.
No one was.
We took the scarf.
That was my connection.
Okay.
Leave me alone now.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
(door opens, closes)
(soft squeaking)
(clicking)
(squeaking)
♪ ♪
- Hey, baby.
- (gasps)
Go ahead and brush your teeth.
We got church tomorrow.
Hey, Mama,
do you mind if I sleep
in your bed tonight?
Of course you can.
Get brushed up
and come snuggle in.
(faucet squeaks off)
(light clicks off)
(light clicks on)
(spits)
What you doing up, ladybug?
Got to use the bathroom?
Let's get you back to bed.
(electrical buzzing)
Night.
(door closes)
(clicking lights on and off)
(faucet squeaks on)
- (faucet squeaks off)
- What'd you say?
Huh?
(water dripping)
I heard you say something.
I didn't say nothing.
(switch clicking)
Bathroom.
Aah!
Fucking...
(groans)
Who's ready for breakfast?
We got Dad's famous pancakes.
We got rocky road.
Because why the hell not?
If rocky road ain't
get you up...
(laughing):
I don't know.
Breakfast in bed.
(laughing):
Hey.
I never known you to sleep
through rocky road.
(sniffing)
Hey. Hey, hey, Ange?
Hey, Ange, I think
you w-wet the bed.
Come on, let's, uh...
Let's get you cleaned up.
- Oh, let's, uh...
- Hmm?
Yeah, let's-let's get you...
Let's get you cleaned up,
all right?
How are your feet?
Okay, let's, uh...
Let's, um...
- get you in the tub.
- (water running)
And I'm gonna...
I'm gonna move...
Now, I've moved that. Um...
just... sit-sit-sit down.
(water continues running)
Huh.
- (door opens)
- (water running)
Ange?
♪ ♪
(Angela screams, Victor grunts)
(Victor panting)
Angela?
ANGELA:
Where is she?
- Angela?
- Where is she?!
- Hey! Hey.
- (loud, quivering breaths)
- Hey, hey. Hey!
- (breath quivering)
Hey.
Angela!
ANGELA:
Leave me alone!
I want my mother,
and I want her right now!
Stop touching me!
You're hurting me!
(screaming)
Fuck you! Fuck all of you!
(screams)
Help! Help!
- DOCTOR: No, we got you.
- (Angela sobbing, yelling)
She's been violently seizing.
ANGELA:
Let me go! Get off of me!
I want to go home,
you son of a bitch!
- ANN: Hold her down.
- DOCTOR: Calm down, honey.
- Honey, calm down.
- (Angela screaming)
Calm down, honey.
You'd better calm down.
- (screaming)
- (overlapping chatter)
DOCTOR: Calm down.
Calm down. Calm down.
- Daddy! Daddy!
- You're gonna feel better soon.
Be careful there, sir.
Be careful there.
Okay, let's get her in the bed.
We'll just wait
until she calms down.
Honey, you're gonna go to bed.
You're gonna go to sleep soon.
Calm down.
- Calm down. Calm down.
- Shh.
We'll wait until she calms down.
Shh.
Calm down.
You're gonna go to bed soon.
- You're gonna go to sleep soon.
- Shh.
Okay, here we go.
Let's go ahead and get
- a full set of vitals.
- EMT: Okay, checking vitals.
DOCTOR: I need blood pressure,
heart rate, respiratory rate,
- oxygen level.
- EMT: Okay.
DOCTOR:
Okay.
So I think we're ready
for the medical examiner.
- If someone can call him.
- EMT: Okay.
DOCTOR:
We need you out of the room.
EMT: We're gonna take
good care of her, okay?
- (beeping)
- VICTOR: Daddy's here, baby.
Daddy's here.
(camera clicking)
(camera clicks)
Have you ever seen
anything like this?
PASTOR REVANS: Lord,
let your word fill our hearts.
May all we do here today
glorify your name.
- Amen.
- CONGREGATION: Amen.
REVANS:
Brothers and sisters in Christ,
a glorious good morning
to you here
on this blessed day of worship.
It is a very special day
of worship
and celebration here
on this Sunday.
God has given us a miracle.
TONY (whispers):
Katherine.
Put your foot down.
REVANS: He has seen it fit
to return to us our lost sheep.
Our beloved Katherine West
is home, safe and sound.
(congregation murmuring)
- Praise be to God.
- (applause)
CHOIR:
♪ Much we need thy tender care ♪
REVANS: The bread of heaven.
The cup of salvation.
♪ In thy pleasant pastures
feed us ♪
♪ For our use... ♪
The body and the blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
♪ Blessed Jesus,
blessed Jesus... ♪
The bread of heaven
and the cup of salvation.
The body and the blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
♪ Blessed Jesus... ♪
REVANS:
The body and the blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
♪ Thou hast bought us,
thine we are... ♪
The body and the blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
of Jesus Christ.
Thanks be to God.
♪ Be the guardian of our way ♪
♪ Keep thy flock... ♪
Where's Katherine?
She left.
♪ Seek us when we go astray... ♪
- I'll go try to find her.
- Okay.
She must have stepped out.
♪ Blessed Jesus,
blessed Jesus... ♪
Where did she go?
REVANS:
Gracious Father,
as we approach your throne
one more time...
Father...
We thank you, Lord,
for your shed blood.
For we know
that had it not been...
♪ ♪
For God, we know
that through your love
and the love of your father,
that you went to the cross,
and from there
your blood was spilled
and has flowed
through the ages of time.
(door opens)
For we know that...
Father...
Father, because of that blood...
KATHERINE:
The body and the blood.
We were saved one day
and claimed heaven as our home.
Mom. Mom. -KATHERINE: The body
and the blood.
- (gasps) Katherine.
- The body and the blood.
Katherine.
So we praise you tonight
in Jesus' name. Amen.
The body and the blood.
The body and the blood!
- Katherine. Katherine!
- The body and the blood!
The body and the blood!
Katherine!
- MIRANDA: Katherine. Katherine.
- The body and the blood!
- Shh. Katherine!
- TONY: Stop it!
- The body and the blood!
- Enough!
- Stop it!
The body and the blood!
- The body and the blood!
- MIRANDA: Shh!
The body and the blood!
(quiet chatter)
(siren wailing in distance)
TONY:
What about the neurologist?
Didn't he say that hormones,
stress, they can...
they can bring on, like,
a trancelike state?
Maybe that's why
they're not talking
and not... they're not
making any sense, they can't...
They take off their shoes.
They walk 30 miles.
You think that's hormones, puberty?
MIRANDA:
No.
No, I don't.
TONY:
Miranda, please. Not now.
Katherine was supposed
to be baptized a week ago.
He doesn't even understand.
- In our church...
- MIRANDA: Okay? And I pushed it
because I wanted her grandma
to be there.
- It was selfish.
- It's not your fault.
In our church, we don't
baptize them as infants.
We wait until they're old enough
to understand
Christian discipline.
Something they did out there
opened them up
for an unholy spirit to enter.
That's how
demonic possession works.
Do you know where Jesus went
after he died on the cross, Victor?
TONY: Miranda.
He went to hell to declare
his authority over the devil.
And he reappeared
three days later.
Three days, just like our girls.
You think they went to hell?
Burned their feet in hell?
Got possessed by the devil?
TONY: Uh, pagan activity
or-or-or talking to the dead.
Wherever those girls went,
they brought something back
with them.
Y'all need to get some sleep.
(device beeps)
(beeps)
(beeping)
Angela?
(in deep, demonic voice):
Sister Mary Xavier.
Scraped out she was,
like a rotten pumpkin.
(gasping)
Your baby.
- (guttural grunting)
- (gasping, stammering)
(demonic laughing)
ANN:
Help me! No!
INSTITUTION REP:
Each of the nine types
has an associated fear,
basic desire
and core motivation.
In an attempt to meet
this basic desire,
we can acquire dysfunctional
and self-destructive
patterns of behavior.
The Enneagram framework
can help us
explain and understand
the stimulus
for your daughter's
maladaptive behavior.
It can also provide insight
into her dissociative
identity disorder.
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
PATIENT: I wasn't prepared
for the questions.
We offer 24-hour monitoring...
WORKER: Did you get
to cheer at the game?
With trauma-informed
programming,
a treatment team
for managing medications...
What do you like to do
with your dogs?
Play.
INSTITUTION REP: an hour
of regular therapy each day.
♪ ♪
Hey.
You asked me if I've ever seen
anything like this before.
No.
But there are people out there
who have.
I read this in college.
I think
it might have some answers
that Angela's doctors
don't have.
Spiritual texts. Thanks. Got it.
ANN:
You don't believe in God?
I don't believe in the question.
You know, you religious types
are all alike, you know that?
Something bad happens,
must be the devil.
Something good happens,
must be God.
It is a myth made up by people
to explain things
they will never understand.
I already did this.
I learned the Lord's Prayer.
I learned the Apostles' Creed.
What'd I get?
I got to watch my wife die.
Watch them cut my baby girl
out of her stomach.
And now I got to...
Mr. Fielding, the way I see it,
that makes your daughter
a miracle.
Well, I got to go
check my miracle
into the mental institution.
Now, you'll excuse me.
- (door opens)
- Before you slam the door,
can you give me a minute?
(sniffs)
When I was younger,
I was going to become a nun,
if you can believe it.
I thought I was ready
to give my life to the Lord,
but I wasn't.
And I broke
my personal commitment.
Right before I took my vows.
I got pregnant...
and I chose not to keep it.
All novitiates choose a new name
before they enter the convent.
They change their name
to mark the transformation
from their old life.
I never got to use my name,
but your daughter just did.
"Sister Mary Xavier," she said.
And she knew
what happened to my baby.
I never told anyone
what name I had chosen.
Or about my pregnancy.
Not then, not since.
Not a single living soul.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
INTERVIEWER: I guess you're
somewhat of an expert
in demonic possession,
is that correct?
WOMAN:
I guess you could say that.
So did you just walk into
the Catholic church one day
and say, "I want to sign up
for exorcist school"?
Well, for starters,
I'm not an exorcist.
I leave that
to the professionals.
No, my journey began
as a mother,
driven by
my love for my daughter,
and I've dedicated my life
to try to understand
the phenomenon.
And also to help other parents
who are going through hardships
of the unexplained.
INTERVIEWER:
You've had the chance to give
lectures all over the world.
You've even had a chance
to speak at the Vatican.
- Come, come, come, come, come.
- CHRIS: I have, but, you know,
possession isn't
a Catholic invention.
STUART:
Was an actress...
turned educator.
Kind of education.
An expert of exorcists.
Not an exorcist.
- WOMAN (on phone): Hello.
- ANN: Hi, hi.
My name is Ann Brooks.
Oh, I was just calling about
a client of yours,
uh, Chris MacNeil.
CHRIS:
The Rite of Exorcism is
one of the oldest human rituals.
Every culture in every country,
for as far back as history
has been recorded,
has a ceremony to dispel
negative energies
and to journey toward healing.
From the Muslim rites
to the Hebrew dybbuks,
to the Zoroastrian texts.
There are even some incantations
for exorcism
in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
INTERVIEWER: So, I think
I know the answer to this,
but is demonic possession real?
CHRIS:
I think the right question is:
Are the people that I visit...
Is their suffering real?
Absolutely.
(praying quietly)
Father Maddox?
Someone I know is suffering
and needs help.
♪ ♪
- (car door closes)
- (barking)
VICTOR:
Look, look. Yeah.
Okay. All right.
- Good dog.
- (barking stops)
Where's your mommy?
Your mama home?
Huh?
VICTOR: Do you believe any
of this stuff is actually real?
CHRIS:
Placebos are real.
The power of suggestion is real.
Belief is real.
I think what you're asking me is...
if I believe any of this stuff
will really help your daughter.
But what you should be asking
is if you believe it.
Hmm. Skeptic.
That's good.
But that'll only get you so far.
After that, you got to come up
with some real answers.
I know some spiritual
counselors that...
No, no.
No, that's not what we need.
I want to talk about Regan.
About her exorcism.
I didn't actually witness it,
you know, the exorcism.
- They wouldn't let me.
- Why not?
My opinion,
it's 'cause I'm not a member
of their damn patriarchy.
(chuckles)
I may not have
witnessed the exorcism,
but I sure as all hell
witnessed the possession.
I spent the next ten years
trying to understand
what I saw with my own eyes.
I studied every culture,
every religion,
every ritual for it
I could find.
I just learned so much
about all this stuff.
I wanted people to understand
that it's possible to survive
the most traumatic experiences
and not only survive but thrive.
VICTOR:
Is this her? Is this Regan?
CHRIS:
Yeah.
That's her.
But then the book came out.
It was such a huge success.
She hated it.
She never forgave me
for writing it.
I never forgave myself.
She went into hiding.
She moved away.
Even now, I don't know
where she is.
She won't tell me.
There are many dark forces
in this world, Mr. Fielding.
Not all of them
are supernatural.
I wake up every morning
wondering where my daughter is.
Praying that
I'll see her sweet face again
one of these days.
There's something
I saw in your book
that made me come here today.
They took some photos
in the hospital.
I want to help my daughter
like you helped yours.
Like you helped Regan.
(indistinct whispering)
(praying quietly)
Oh, thank God.
Father Maddox,
Victor, Angela's father.
And Chris MacNeil,
- the woman I told you about.
- Of course.
Thank you so much
for joining us.
I assume you're familiar with
our sanctioned procedures, yes?
I am.
Where is she?
(door beeps, buzzes)
(heavy, raspy breathing)
She knows who I am.
Where's the other girl?
Taking care of her at home.
That's not a good idea.
(demonic voice):
She's waiting for you.
(line ringing)
(knocking)
There's no one home.
(line continues ringing)
CHRIS:
Yes, there is.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Your call has been forwarded
to an automated...
♪ ♪
Tony?
Miranda.
Hey, Tony.
Miranda?
TONY:
Oh, my gosh.
Where did she go?
They were looking for spirits.
CHRIS:
I'm Chris MacNeil.
- She came home.
- I'm here to help.
Tony? Hey.
This is my friend Chris.
She's gonna do
everything she can
to help our daughters.
We've all sinned.
We've all fallen short.
But my sin has weakened me.
God is punishing us.
- (Tony breathing shakily)
- Come on.
♪ ♪
Katherine?
MIRANDA: Protect our
little girl from this evil.
Comfort her with your spirit.
Hide her from this evil realm
with your power, Lord.
Lord, you are the light
in the darkness.
- Surround her...
- VICTOR: Where's Katherine?
Let's get you out of here,
all right?
I know who you are.
And you know who I am.
We've met before.
But I'm not talking to you now.
(demonic voice):
Are you looking for Regan?
Are you looking for Regan?!
(normal voice):
Don't be scared.
We're here to help you.
We can tell you where she is.
All you have to do is ask.
I ask nothing of you.
I renounce you.
I come here to return life
to this child
from whom it is
unwillingly taken.
You don't know
what happened to her,
but we do.
(demonic voice):
She burns in hell!
(cackling)
(screaming)
(normal voice):
Mom! Help! Mother, please!
Mother, please make it stop!
It's hurting!
In the name of all holy beings,
in the name of
my beloved daughter Regan,
- release this child.
- (screaming)
Release this child.
- Release this child!
- (groaning)
(Chris sighs, whimpers)
Katherine.
I am no devil.
There is none.
♪ ♪
(both screaming)
(screams, cries)
(demonic voice):
You want to see your beloved,
cunting daughter?
(groans) Help. I...
Open your eyes.
Chris.
Sorenne!
(whispers):
Protect her.
Sorenne!
(Chris whimpering)
(groaning)
- What did you do?
- Victor, no.
VICTOR:
What did you do?!
(indistinct radio chatter)
(siren blaring)
Tony? Tony.
I feel them. I feel those girls.
I feel them.
Mommy, why can't you make it
stop hurting?
♪ ♪
(bell tolling)
FATHER MADDOX:
Most Reverend Fathers,
after consideration
of all of the evidence
and possible outcomes
and what I have seen
with mine own eyes,
we ask your support
in approaching the bishop
to sanction the exorcism.
Well, Father,
we are here to support you.
We want to be here for you
in-in any circumstances.
This is
a very dangerous situation.
Dangerous for you, Father.
Dangerous for
the Catholic church.
Please understand,
I have prayed with her
and observed her actions.
When I... when I rest...
when I rested my hand
upon her head,
I felt nothing but pain.
There is a-a spirit that
is present alongside of them.
We must move forward
as soon as possible
with this ritual,
with the help of all of you,
lest the lives of two of our
Lord's young children be lost.
♪ ♪
Who's that?
- VICTOR: It's Victor.
- (door closes)
I'm so sorry
I brought you back into this.
This is my fault.
Do you know what that thing
said to me when I...
I was in the room with it?
It tried to convince me
that Regan is dead.
What do you believe?
Oh, well, I don't think that,
I'll tell you.
Hope is what keeps me alive.
And that's what you're gonna
have to find to do this.
What happened in there
wasn't your fault.
Something inside our girls
called out for help.
It brought you to me.
It put me in that room.
Those girls are connected now.
Their families are connected.
I have studied
the Rite of Exorcism
in every culture
that I could find.
They all have
different ceremonies,
but the one thing
they all have in common,
the most important thing
of all, is people.
We go to church
in times of trouble
because we believe
it's the house of God.
But also, there are people
there, other people...
Whether it's family
or neighbors or strangers.
Yes, they're all there
to affirm their faith in God,
but they're also there
to affirm their faith
in each other.
It's not over.
Maybe Regan is gone, but you
can bring your daughter back.
You've got to bring everyone together.
That's what will make this work.
♪ ♪
Hey, pal. Listen.
I need to get in touch
with the woman
you had come over the house
and do the blessing.
What was her name again?
This your family?
No.
Just asking
to borrow some earth.
Now, when you take something,
you have to give something
in return.
How much do you know
about what I do, Mr. Fielding?
About root work?
Not enough.
Enslaved people
that were brought here,
they relied on
traditional beliefs
about spirit
brought from Africa.
They combined that with native
tools to protect themselves,
and they balanced it
with the herbs and roots
that are growing in the earth
that they're forced to till
or the shells of the ocean
that carried them
from their homes.
When I had my oncology practice,
I didn't put much credence
in traditional healing rituals,
but I learned that sometimes,
to go forward,
you have to go back.
Which way are you headed?
♪ ♪
DR. BEEHIBE:
The beginning and the end.
This is the eternal space.
This is the ancestral space,
the realm of mysteries.
And what we want to do
is open up a channel
to this realm
to give us what we need
here on earth.
And that's what
we're going to do tonight.
You need to break through
this watery realm
that is separating
these two dimensions.
We want them to come through.
(screaming, growling)
ORDERLY:
Ready? (grunts)
(indistinct,
overlapping chatter)
TONY:
Daddy's got you. Come on.
(Katherine groaning)
Miranda, I'm going in.
Get the door.
It's okay, baby.
(bathwater running)
(liquid pouring)
(grunting)
(straining):
Down. All right.
- Okay.
- All right.
If this doesn't work
and something else goes wrong
and they take her from us,
- I don't know what I'm...
- Miranda. Shh, shh.
Hey.
It's going to work.
The priest is on his way. Shh.
It has to work.
- Here you go, man.
- Thanks.
Check if they're even.
(drill whirring)
All right, we got it.
It's good, Stu.
Thanks.
Hello, Father.
We're almost ready.
Everyone is gathering inside.
Ann, I, um...
I spoke to the diocese,
and they have determined that...
given the circumstances,
the well-being of these girls
would best be helped through
psychiatric intervention.
But you...
- you know it's more than that.
- I...
- I-I am sorry.
- (sighs)
Okay, but it doesn't matter.
I cannot be a part of this.
Please understand,
people have died
on both sides of possession.
What you're doing here
is dangerous,
and it is religious interference.
No.
We're doing it.
- With or without you, Father.
- (Maddox sighs)
- I-I...
- With or without you.
MADDOX:
I'm sorry, Ann.
- I just... I cannot.
- With all due respect, Father,
what do you expect us to do?
Sit there and watch
those children suffer?
(sighs)
Here.
Hold on tight.
You keep your distance
from them,
you follow
the Rule of Saint Benedict,
and you stand up
to this creature
with deprecatory prayer,
do you understand?
When Jesus called
his 12 together...
(sniffles)
he granted them the power
and authority
to cast out all demons,
- to cure all diseases.
- Yes.
And then he sent them
out into the world
to proclaim the kingdom of God
and to heal, Ann.
- Yes.
- To heal the sick.
Yes.
The power of Christ works
through all of us.
"In my name
they shall cast out devils,
"they shall speak
with new tongues,
"they shall take up serpents,
they shall
lay hands on the sick,
and they shall recover."
The girls are sleeping.
They're ready.
Has Father Maddox arrived?
VICTOR:
He's not gonna be joining us.
TONY: What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
He's not coming?
This was the entire point.
Something about the church
wouldn't let him.
Miranda, this isn't
what we talked about.
(overlapping arguing)
ANN:
I live...
in the name of Jesus.
Here, we are asking God
to free these children
from infestation.
We are asking God to intervene.
I'm not denying the grace
of a holy priest,
but I can give it
everything I've got.
I am meant to do it.
I can do it.
I can perform the Roman Rite.
I see now
why the Lord took me out
of the convent.
I see now why he put me
in the house next door.
To be here with you tonight.
It's going to take all of us.
I like it.
It takes all kinds.
VICTOR:
We're here.
We're together.
This can work. It'll work.
- I hope you're sure.
- VICTOR: Yeah, I'm sure.
You better be, too,
before you step in that room.
We all better be. Anybody else
want to leave, leave now.
Once we start,
we're not stopping.
That's it.
After you.
(medical monitors beeping)
(Ann clears throat)
♪ ♪
(all coughing)
VICTOR:
Smell got worse.
Is that Katherine's heartbeat?
They're beating in sync.
(electrical buzzing)
ANN:
Shall we begin?
DR. BEEHIBE:
Their vibrations are strong.
I call on you
to put your hands on us
that we might keep safe the
heart of these dear children.
STUART:
It's gris-gris, for protection.
DR. BEEHIBE:
Once we get started,
try not to touch the children.
Okay.
"May the holy cross
"be my light.
"May the dragon never,
never be my guide.
"Vade retro, Satana.
"Begone, Satan.
"Never tempt me
with your vanities.
"What you offer me is evil.
"Drink the poison yourself.
"Vade retro, Satana.
"Holy Lord,
"Almighty Father,
"everlasting God and Father
of our Lord Jesus Christ...
- (hissing)
- "...who, once and for all,
"consigned that fallen
and apostate tyrant
"to the flames of hell,
"who sent your only
begotten son into the world
"to crush that roaring lion,
"hasten to our call for help
"and snatch from ruination
"and from the clutches
of the noonday devil
"these human beings
"made in your image
and likeness.
"Fill your servants.
"Fill them with courage to fight
"against that reprobate dragon.
"Let your mighty hand
"cast him out of your servants
"that he may no longer
hold captive,
"through your son,
who lives and reigns
"in the unity
of the Holy Spirit, God,
forever and ever."
- Amen.
- (spits)
(demonic voice):
Tonight, you're going to die!
- You're all going to die.
- TONY: Do something!
Demon, your voice
must be silent.
See you in hell.
Submit to God, resist the devil,
and he will flee from you.
I command you to obey me
to the letter.
I, who am a minister of God.
You're the whore of God.
ANGELA (demonic voice):
Killer of your own child,
who cries out for mercy in hell.
No.
- Whore!
- No!
- You are the whore of God.
- No.
You were to honor your mother
with a child in her name.
(crying)
Did the power of Christ
compel you?
(demonic cackling)
MIRANDA:
We need to try something else.
Something different.
Something new.
(demonic laughter)
"All things are passing away.
God never changes."
"He is my fortress
and my refuge."
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come...
- Thy kingdom come.
- ANGELA: Mother.
- Speak to me, Mother!
- ANGELA: Mother!
MIRANDA and REVANS:
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread...
You... don't...
believe.
(demonic hissing)
(laughing)
(rattling)
- (electrical crackling)
- (Miranda gasps)
(rattling continues)
(demonic wailing)
I share my tortures
with none but God.
(demonic wailing continues)
(screaming)
REVANS and MIRANDA:
Glory, forever and ever.
(rapid beeping)
(pained wailing)
(Dr. Beehibe humming softly)
TONY:
What's happening to us?
BOTH:
Drip, drop. Drip, drop.
Drip, drop.
(humming continues)
(monitors beeping)
STUART:
Let's see what root work can do.
DR. BEEHIBE:
Put the bowls at their side.
This is our end
and our beginning.
"It is you who will trample
our affliction,
healing in atonement
for our sisters."
DR. BEEHIBE:
It was the hyssop branch
that was raised
to quench the lips
of the lamb on the cross.
What are you doing?
DR. BEEHIBE:
Vinegar offered in jest
- that became our salvation.
- (demonic groaning)
- She knows what she's doing.
- REVANS: What is she doing?
I mean, what-what is that?
"I will sprinkle clean water
on you,
and you will be clean.
I will..."
"And I will cleanse you
from all impurities
and from all idols." Ezekiel.
Ezekiel.
DR. BEEHIBE: And when they cut
the flesh of the lamb,
it was water and blood
that poured to the earth.
- (sizzling)
- (gasping)
(gagging)
MIRANDA:
Baby.
KATHERINE (normal voice):
Mama.
Oh, baby, I'm right here.
- Mommy, I-I can't see you.
- No, don't...
- Where are you?
- Don't-don't touch her.
- (gasping)
- (Miranda grunts)
- (house rumbling)
- ANGELA (normal voice): Dad!
- It hurts!
- Angela. Angela.
Don't touch her.
- Daddy, it hurts.
- Angela, Angela, I'm here.
(pained cries)
They're trying to release.
VICTOR:
Release it, Angela.
REVANS:
Release. Believe.
Release it, baby.
ANGELA:
Dad, it's coming.
Dad!
What is that?
It's vapor from inside.
They're at a critical temperature.
The start of an eruption.
STUART:
This is putrid.
- (spits)
- (others gasping)
(demonic shrieking)
(softly):
Oh, my God.
(demonic shrieking continues)
(shrieking fades)
- Is it over? Is that it?
- DR. BEEHIBE: No.
- It's a start.
- ANN: In the name of Jesus.
- In the name of Jesus...
- MIRANDA: In the name of Jesus,
Lord, help us keep these
connections to each other.
- ANN: In the name of Jesus...
- MIRANDA: To you.
- To these children.
- Take this bowl.
Dump it to the east,
away from the house.
ANN:
In the name of Jesus...
REVANS:
- In the name of Jesus...
In the name of Jesus...
In the name of Jesus.
(Maddox praying quietly)
for your blessing, dear Lord,
for I know not what I do.
- And know that I am...
- (knocks)
The fight's in there.
ANN:
"who was led into the desert
"after his baptism by John
to vanquish you.
Yield, then, to God."
(demon growling softly)
"Yield, then, to God."
- Yield to God.
- ANN: "In the person of Pharaoh
and his..." (gasps)
VICTOR: Our Father,
which art in heaven...
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come,
thy will be done...
(voice shaking):
You never wanted me.
You made your choice
when my mother was dying!
DOCTOR:
Your wife has serious injuries.
Anything we do to keep her alive
will endanger your child,
and we cannot save them both.
Save my wife.
(Victor's voice):
Then save my wife.
DR. BEEHIBE:
Don't listen to it, Victor.
Don't, Victor.
(demonic voice):
Let them kill the child.
You wanted Mother.
Victor.
God played a trick on you.
(normal voice):
The baby lived instead.
What?
The one you never wanted.
So we ripped her from the belly
of your dying bride!
(demonic voice): Now you
have to make another choice.
(normal voice):
One girl lives.
One girl dies.
REVANS:
Deceiver!
Do not offer that which is
already belongs to God.
- (sighs sharply)
- ANGELA: Do it, Father.
Make the choice
you should have made then.
Choose me!
No, Mother, choose me.
(whispering):
Protect her.
Choose me.
- Choose me.
They can't be asking us
to do this.
Lead us not astray with
your forked tongue of lies.
(crying):
Please, choose me.
Please, Daddy, choose me.
- Choose me.
Please, Daddy.
KATHERINE (demonic voice):
Who's got to go?
(demonic voice):
Eeny, meeny,
miny, mo.
KATHERINE and ANGELA:
You must choose,
or both girls die.
I won't choose.
We can't choose.
ANGELA (normal voice):
Choose me.
(demonic voice):
Who's gonna make it?
- (door closes)
- MADDOX: In the name of
the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Ghost.
Amen.
Most glorious prince of
the heavenly armies... -Oh.
Saint Michael the Archangel,
defend us in our battle against
principalities and powers,
- against the rulers...
- ANN: Thank you, Father.
Of this world of darkness,
against the spirits of
wickedness in the high places.
- (demonic wheezing)
- Come to the assistance of men
whom God has created
in his likeness
and whom he has redeemed
at a great price
from the tyranny of the devil.
(demonic wheezing continues)
I charge you, Satan.
I charge you, Satan,
enemy of human salvation,
acknowledge the justice
and goodness of God the Father,
who, by his righteous judgment,
has damned your pride
and your envy.
Depart from
these servants of God
whom the Lord has made
in his own image,
who are adorned with his gifts
and adopted as daughters
of his mercy.
I charge you, Satan,
prince of this world,
acknowledge the power and
the strength of Jesus Christ,
who defeated you in the desert,
overcame you in the garden,
despoiled you on the cross,
- and in rising from the tomb...
- (wailing)
transferred your spoils
into the kingdom of light.
Depart through this sign
of the holy cross... -Depart.
Of our Lord Jesus Christ...
Depart.
- (groans)
- who lives
and reigns forever.
The lion of the tribe of Judah,
the offspring of David,
has conquered.
MADDOX: May your mercy, Lord,
descend upon us.
ANN:
As great is our hope in you.
MADDOX:
Imperat tibi Deus Pater.
- Imperat tibi Deus Filius.
- (growling)
- Imperat tibi...
- (speaking unknown language)
Deus Spiritus Sanctus.
Imperat tibi Christus.
Aeter...
(demonic groaning)
(gagging)
(demon speaking
unknown language)
(Maddox groaning)
(gasps, groans)
(growling)
(gasps)
(groans)
Oh!
- No!
- REVANS (gasps): No!
MIRANDA:
Tony? (gasps)
(Miranda sobbing)
ANN:
No! No, no.
No, please, God.
No. No.
VICTOR: Angela, listen,
that's your mother's scarf.
- STUART: Don't touch her!
- No, no, no!
- That's your mother's scarf.
- Don't touch her.
- And she loved you.
- Come on.
And I love you.
And I'm sorry
I took the scarf from you.
I'm sorry I took it from you,
but you are in there.
But you come home.
Angela, you come
where you can hear me.
(panting)
Hey.
(rapid beeping)
MIRANDA:
Their heartbeats.
There are two heartbeats.
Is it working?
ANN:
It's working.
VICTOR:
I know you can hear me.
Now, we will get through this.
If you don't make it,
I don't make it.
All right? Come on home.
She loved you, and I love you.
♪ ♪
KATHERINE (voice shaking):
What about me?
Mommy?
Daddy?
I don't want to die.
(Katherine sobbing)
I choose you, Katherine!
- STUART: Tony...
- Tony, no!
- No! -I choose Katherine!
- MIRANDA: You can't!
- I choose you!
- (screams)
- Angela.
- STUART: Tony!
- TONY: No!
- Ange. Angela.
Angela. Angela. Ange?
- Angela. Angela.
- ANN: I... Okay. I'm getting...
- Get those straps off.
DR. BEEHIBE:
She's gonna be okay.
- She's gonna be okay.
- VICTOR: Angela?
- Ange?
- I'm trying. I-I g...
- MIRANDA: Pull it.
- ANN: I've got it.
- VICTOR: Angela? Angela?
- ANN: Harder.
TONY:
What's happening?
Angela? Angela?
Angela.
(screaming)
- (both gasp)
- (rapid beeping)
(demonic shrieking)
(beeping wildly)
(sobbing)
(wails)
(groaning)
(demonic growling)
(gasping)
(growling and groaning continue)
(panting)
(shrieking)
(yelling)
(gasps)
(rapid beeping)
(flatline tone)
Angela!
(Ann gasps)
(gasps)
(monitor beeping)
MIRANDA:
Baby?
Oh, Mommy... Mommy's right here.
- KATHERINE: Mommy!
- Mommy's right here.
I'm right here, baby.
KATHERINE (crying):
Mommy, I'm cold.
MIRANDA:
Help me! Help her.
Please help.
- Mommy.
- MIRANDA: Get her out of here.
REVANS:
We're gonna get you out.
MIRANDA: Get her out of here.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
(beeping)
(both tones flatline)
Katherine? Katherine!
- Katherine, baby. Katherine.
- TONY: Sweetheart?
Mama?
- Mama?
- DISTORTED VOICE: Mommy.
Mommy. Mommy.
- Mama? Mama?
- Mommy.
MIRANDA: Baby, please wake up.
Please. Mommy's right here.
- Come on.
- TONY: I choose you, Katherine!
Mommy. Mama, where'd you go?
DEMONIC VOICE: I choose you, Katherine.
- Mommy, I'm in...
(screams)
(demonic shrieking)
(screaming)
Wake up!
Wake up. Come on.
Baby, please wake up.
Please. Mommy's right here.
Come on.
Get her up!
♪ ♪
(gasping)
(coughing)
MIRANDA: She's not breathing.
Katherine's not breathing.
- REVANS: Let's get her up.
- MIRANDA: No, no, no, no, no!
- REVANS: Katherine. Katherine.
- Hey, hey, hey. Wake up.
We've been tricked.
- I chose you, Katherine.
- Wake up. Wake up.
Mama's right here, all right?
- Come on. Please.
- TONY: It's okay, sweetheart.
- Come on. Hurry, please.
- TONY: I can't get her up!
VICTOR:
Hey. Hey.
(breath trembling)
TONY:
Hey, wake up!
MIRANDA:
Hey. Baby.
(Angela sobbing)
MIRANDA:
Katherine!
- Let's get her up.
- Come on. Come on.
- Come on. Get her up, please!
- TONY: I chose you!
- Can somebody help us?
- Come on. Let's get her up.
- Come on. Up, up, up, up.
- REVANS: Come on, sweetheart.
- MIRANDA: Up, up, up.
- TONY: Come on.
- Hold her head. Hold her.
- Come on, Katherine.
- Hold her!
- TONY: I got her.
- I got her.
- MIRANDA: Come on, come on.
ANN:
All right. Out of the way.
MIRANDA: Hey.
Mommy's right here. Come on.
(crying)
TONY:
Somebody help us!
- TONY: I did not do this.
- MIRANDA: Wake up, baby.
Hurry, hurry.
MIRANDA: Wake up.
Mommy's right here. Come on.
STUART:
We have an emergency.
Um, a young girl is going
into cardiac arrest.
Send the paramedics
and an ambulance now.
ANN:
Out of the way.
(electrical whirring)
And...
clear!
Patience obtains all things.
All things will pass away.
(siren approaching)
God never changes.
(indistinct radio chatter)
PARAMEDIC:
Hey, Dispatch, we've got
a 13-year-old female
that's conscious...
PARAMEDIC 2:
Can I check your pulse, please?
PARAMEDIC:
cuts to her body.
Go ahead and start...
PARAMEDIC 2: What I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna check your pulse
and your breathing, okay?
Can you do me a big favor
and breathe in?
PARAMEDIC: Just trying to
figure out what's going on.
(chatter continues indistinctly)
PARAMEDIC 3:
Can I check your pulse?
(indistinct conversations)
OFFICER: Look, I'm sorry
about what's gone on here.
I'm sorry. We're all just...
OFFICER 2: Hey, Stuart. Do you
mind if I call you Stuart?
OFFICER 3: Is there anything
that we can do for you
at this time?
(conversations continue
indistinctly)
MIRANDA: Sh-She's gone.
I know she's gone.
- TONY: Don't touch her.
- MIRANDA: It's okay, Tony.
She's gone.
(Miranda crying softly)
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(leaves rustling)
KONIK: We should wait
for your counsel to continue.
Do you think
they'll make it through this?
I've seen families recover
from things you can't imagine.
What do you think evil is?
I'll tell you
what I think it is.
I think that we're born
in this world
with hope and dreams
and a desire to be happy.
And the devil has one wish:
make us give up.
(children shouting, laughing)
ANN:
Like Job,
like Job in the desert,
we can endure.
We can heal.
For some of us,
it'll be harder than others.
For some of us...
(chuckles softly)
it'll take a lot longer
to find that peace.
But that peace, too,
will be a choice.
A choice to find the blessings
all around us.
We carry those with us.
(kisses)
I love you so much.
ANN: And maybe that's
all God... any god...
Or any good person
really wants from us.
Just to keep going.
To make the choice
to hold on tight
and never let go.
To believe.
Victor, is that you?
No, Mom.
- It's me.
- (sobs)
Regan.
(crying)
(Mike Oldfield's
"Tubular Bells" playing)
♪ ♪
("Tubular Bells" ends)
(music ends)